[intro]
help_prompt = Type HELP at the prompt for commands.
first_run = Endless blue. The open sky is an endless blue. The sound of static fills the air. A wisp of smoke creeps by. You are strapped into a leather seat in some sort of cockpit, but you're not moving. The controls are still, the radio bleats listless static, and the cockpit door is gone. Your head pulses with pain, and you feel dizzy. The smell of burning mixes with a dank, earthy musk. You THINK about what to do. Everything is spinning, but you need to free yourself and find out where you are. You SEARCH the cockpit and your fingers close around the buckles of your flight harness. You loosen it, pull off your helmet, and stand up. You LOOK at where you sat. You are in a crashed, olive fighter aircraft, covered in black scorches, with smoke billowing from under one wing. You LOOK in all directions, NORTH, EAST, SOUTH, WEST. Your heart pounds against your ribs. All around you, on every side. An endless, fathomless plain of mud. The craft groans and shifts, and you're thrown off-balance. You half-jump from the cockpit into the mire below, somehow remaining upright. The mud is surprisingly deep, quickly coming up to your calf. To your horror, you realise that it does not stop. If you stand still, you will sink, and you will drown. You don't know where you are, and your head throbs with a constant, disorienting pain. With difficulty, you take your first step into the sticky, sucking mud.
restart_early = Endless blue. The open sky is an endless blue. The sound of static fills the air. A wisp of smoke creeps by. You feel for the sides of the cockpit and awkwardly stand up. All around you, on every side, an endless, fathomless plain of mud. You leap from the plane just as its weight shifts, and the mud begins, inevitably, to claim it. The mud rises up your calf, and you are sinking quickly. You must move on.
restart_mid = Endless blue. Find them in the earth. The open sky is an endless blue. Alone amongst the stone. The sound of static fills the air. A wisp of smoke creeps by. Lost beneath the endless mud.
restart_late = Find them in the earth. Alone amongst the stone. Lost beneath the endless mud.
final_ending = Endless filth. The wasted mud stretches and stretches and stretches. In a tiny corner of a riddled, impossible mire, a figure struggles free of a crashed plane. Looking around them, covered in a heavy muck that drags them down, down, they set off in some direction or other. They are empty. They are no one. There is simply sky, infinite sky, and mud, mud, endless mud. The open sky is an endless blue, find them in the earth. The broken bodies sucked below, devoid of worldly worth. The sound of static fills the air, alone amongst the stone. A yawning empty wasteland topples speech's fallow throne. Lost beneath the endless mud a wisp of smoke creeps by. A spirit's snuffed out wandering, a journey's final sigh.
final_credit = Mud. By Will Langdale. Created Summer/Autumn 2014.
